Message-ID: <13744310.1075849854557.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 29 Mar 2001 03:40:00 -0800 (PST)
From: bob.hall@enron.com
To: sally.beck@enron.com, leslie.reeves@enron.com, jeffrey.gossett@enron.com, 
	rita.wynne@enron.com
Subject: New Profit Centers
Cc: heather.choate@enron.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Bcc: heather.choate@enron.com
X-From: Bob M Hall
X-To: Sally Beck, Leslie Reeves, Jeffrey C Gossett, Rita Wynne
X-cc: Heather Choate
X-bcc: 
X-Origin: BECK-S
X-FileName: sbeck.nsf

We may be creating another problem.

I'll have Heather set up a meeting for next week.

thanks

bob


---------------------- Forwarded by Bob M Hall/NA/Enron on 03/29/2001 11:34 
AM ---------------------------
   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
	From:  Rita Wynne @ ECT                           03/29/2001 11:05 AM
	

To: Bob M Hall/NA/Enron@Enron
cc:  

Subject: New Profit Centers

Bob, 

Per our conversation -  on this past Tuesday, a group met from VM, Gas Acctg. 
and East Risk to discuss the recording of the 12 east desks and 7 central 
desks to SAP. Effective with March flow, each desks for Central and East will 
record to its own profit center in SAP (the wellhead desks and Texas were 
done in Feb.'s g/l).  According to Gas Acct., they will calculate UA for each 
of the profit centers (19 in total).  As we discussed, VM does not have the 
appropriate Unify reports or manpower to  support this level of accounting at 
this time and for this month will continue to tie UA4 out as we have in the 
past using our same reports - Gas Acct. will have to sum their side of the 
UA4 calc. to match us.  With the foresight of eventually going to profit 
center level accouting and reporting, there will need to be significant 
changes to our current back end systems and processes to handle this lower 
level of reporting.  I believe the flash is already being done at the 
different profit centers, but all the downstream groups are still performing 
their analysis at a more consolidated level.  There were discussions in the 
meeting that OA would not go to this lower level, but I am of the opinion 
that we all need to be consistent in our analysis and reporting across the 
organization - so if this is the path we take, then everyone's process will 
need to be able to handle this level of detail.  Of course, no decisions were 
made in our meeting, and as I stated, for now, VM's process will remain 
unchanged for this month.  Please let me know if you want to discuss 
further.  Thanks!





