Message-ID: <9949977.1075855880944.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 2000 03:16:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: katrina.chapman@enron.com
To: ect.integration@enron.com
Subject: MG Intergration
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Katrina Chapman
X-To: ECT Europe MG Integration
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Origin: Beck-S
X-FileName: sbeck.nsf

There are clearly a large number of people who need to know what is happening 
on the integration of the MG metals business and a large number of fluid 
teams working on different aspects of the project; however, most issues 
related to the integration process will only be of interest to a subset of 
the people involved.

We currently have two main forums for information sharing available to 
members of the integration team:

The weekly newsletter produced by Fiona Grant in PR, which from 30 June 
onwards will be sent to EEL management and the heads of those departments 
represented on the Integration Team.
A weekly meeting on Friday mornings from 8am to 9am in NW1006, which has been 
put in place to provide team leaders with an opportunity to update the entire 
integration team on their top two or three issues for the past and/or coming 
week.  

For now, I expect the weekly update and the weekly meetings to meet the 
information needs of the integration team.  If you feel this is not adequate, 
then let either myself or Fiona Grant know and we'll do a re-think on the 
subject.

To this end, and in the interests of ensuring that we conclude our discussion 
in the allotted time, the following are a few organisational points I would 
like everyone to bear in mind when attending the Friday morning meeting:

Attendees should distinguish between presenters and audience at the weekly 
meeting. 
Presenters should attend if at all possible and, in the event they are unable 
to attend, should nominate a replacement for the meeting (replacements should 
be notified to Esther Gerratt in advance of the  Friday morning meeting if 
possible).

For the time being, presenters and their designated areas are:

- Eric Gadd  Commercial and Acquisition progress
- Amita Gosalia  EOL
- Justin Boyd  Legal
- Toby Knight  Premises
- Barry Sangster  IT infrastructure
- Bob Campbell  IT applications
- Richard Sage  Middle and Back Offices and Project Management
- Lloyd Fleming  RAC
- Tim Davies  Credit
- Anne Edgley  Finance
- Anne Hicks  Cash Management
- Janine Juggins  Tax
- Andrea Kerch  US GAAP and Due diligence
- Nigel Sellens  HR
- Fiona Grant  PR
- Bruce Garner  Business Development 
 
As  this is intended to be an "update"-only meeting, any unresolved 
substantive issues are to be taken off-line and the resolution reported the 
following week. 
Lastly, I would request that presenters focus on communicating, in an 
efficient manner, things which affect other functions within the integration 
process.  Doing so will assit other presenters in relaying the information 
presented at the meeting to other personnel in their respective areas.

I hope you find this useful.   We want to keep the information flowing as we 
continue the integration process, but at the same time we need to make sure 
we use our time wisely and efficiently.

Regards,
Eric